Mivi DuoPods M20 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset  (Black, True Wireless)
41,02,250 Ratings & 15,398 Reviews
₹1,299₹2,99956% off

Available offers

Bank Offer5% Unlimited Cashback on Flipkart Axis Bank Credit CardT&C

Bank Offer₹20 Off on first prepaid transaction using UPI payments, minimum order value ₹750/-T&C

Bank Offer₹20 Off on first prepaid transaction using RuPay debit card, minimum order value ₹750/-T&C

Partner OfferBuy now and Get 6 months Free Spotify Premium TrialKnow More

View 3 more offers

1 year warranty provided by the manufacturer from date of purchaseKnow More
Delivery
Enter Delivery Pincode
CheckEnter pincode
Usually delivered in7 days?
Enter pincode for exact delivery dates/charges
View Details
Color




Highlights
With Mic:Yes
Connector type: No
Battery life: 20 hr
Bluetooth version:V5.0
Wireless range: 10 m
Capacitive Touch Controls
Voice Assistant - Google Voice/Siri
Services
1 year warranty provided by the manufacturer from date of purchase
7 Days Replacement Policy?
Cash on Delivery available?
Seller
SuperComNet4.6
7 Days Replacement Policy?
GST invoice available?

Description
If you like listening to romantic songs with slow tracks or rock music at high volumes, this headset from Mivi will be your ideal audio companion. This headset delivers a powerful bass output which makes it a delight to listen to your favorite albums. It comes with a charging case that lets you recharge the earbuds with ease, so your headset never runs out of charge. Moreover, you can do a high-intensity cardio workout in your gym while listening to your favorite tracks without worrying about sweat or splashes of water damaging it, as it is IPX4 rated.

Product Description

Powerful Bass
With this headset, you can listen to your favorite music tracks even at high volumes without experiencing any distortions. Moreover, this headset delivers perfect bass effects at all volumes, irrespective of the genre of music you like listening to.


Battery Indicators
This Bluetooth headset comes with a charging case that offers about 100 hours of standby. You can check the amount of charge that’s left on this case with the help of the four LED indicators. You can also charge the earbuds up to three times on a full charge.

View all features
Specifications
General
Model Name
TEDPM20-BK
Color
Black
Headphone Type
True Wireless
Inline Remote
No
Sales Package
Duo Pods , Charging Case, Charging cable, User Manual, 2 sets of earbuds
Connectivity
Bluetooth
Product Details
Sweat Proof
Yes
Foldable/Collapsible
No
Deep Bass
Yes
Water Resistant
No
Monaural
No
Technology Used
True Wireless Stereo
With Microphone
Yes
Connectivity Features
Battery Life
20 hr
Warranty
Domestic Warranty
1 Year
Warranty Summary
1 year warranty provided by the manufacturer from date of purchase
Covered in Warranty
Manufacturing Defects
Not Covered in Warranty
Physical Damage
