AquaLeo Fabric Office Arm Chair  (Black)
3.8167 Ratings & 36 Reviews
₹4,489₹10,59957% off

Hurry, Only 5 left!
Available offers

Bank Offer5% Unlimited Cashback on Flipkart Axis Bank Credit CardT&C

Extra 10% off upto ₹500 on next furniture purchase(T&C*)T&C

Purchase this Furniture or Appliance and Get Extra ₹500 Off on Select ACsT&C

No cost EMI ₹748/month. Standard EMI also availableView Plans
Delivery
Enter Delivery Pincode
CheckEnter pincode
Usually delivered in7 days?
Enter pincode for exact delivery dates/charges
View Details

Watch Video
Highlights
Adjustable Seat Height, Wheels, Seat Lock, Armrest, Head Support
W x H: 62 cm x 113 cm (2 ft x 3 ft 8 in)
Frame Material: Metal
Upholstery Type: Mesh, Cushion
DIY - Basic assembly to be done with simple tools by the customer, comes with instructions.
Easy Payment Options
No cost EMI starting from ₹748/month
Cash on Delivery
Net banking & Credit/ Debit/ ATM card
View Details
Warranty
6 Months manufacturing warranty.
Seller
MURARKA2.9
10 Days Replacement Policy?

Specifications
Important Note
Cancellation NOT allowed for this product after 24 hrs of order booking.
General
Sales Package
1 Chair
Model Number
Brio 113
Suitable For
Study & Home Office
Frame Material Subtype
PVC (Polyvinyl Chloride)
Upholstery Material
Fabric
Upholstery Included
Yes
Upholstery Type
Mesh, Cushion
Chair Features
Adjustable Seat Height, Wheels, Seat Lock, Armrest, Head Support
Bend Direction
Outward
Dimensions
Weight
12 kg
Warranty
Warranty Summary
6 Months manufacturing warranty.
Covered in Warranty
Product comes with 6 months warranty against any manufacturing defects only.
Not Covered in Warranty
The warranty does not cover damages due to usage of the product beyond its intended use and wear & tear in the natural course of product usage. Warranty does not cover any external accessories such as damage caused to the product due to improper installation by customer.
Domestic Warranty
6 Months
Disclaimer
- The color of the product may vary slightly compared to the picture displayed on your screen. This is due to lighting, pixel quality and color settings

- Please check the product's dimensions to ensure the product will fit in the desired location. Also, check if the product will fit through the entrance(s) and door(s) of the premises

- Please expect an unevenness of up to 5 mm in the product due to differences in surfaces and floor levels

- Flipkart, or the Seller delivering the product, will not take up any type of civil work, such as drilling holes in the wall to mount the product. The product will only be assembled in case carpentry assembly is required

- In case the product appears to lack shine, wiping the surface with a cloth will help clear the surface of dust particles
Terms And Conditions
1) The Durability Certified badge is applied on products which have been tested by independent laboratories certified by the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL).
2) The tests conducted by the laboratory depends on the type of furniture sent for testing. The sellers select the products which are to be sent for testing to the NABL certified laboratory.
3) The tests simulate certain type of usage conditions of the furniture under test conditions. The tests are done using the European Standard (EN) prescribed by the European Committee for Standardisation.
4) Tests are done on a sample product and individual products sold are not tested. The test results may not be indicative or representative of the quality or characteristics of the lot from which a test sample was taken or any similar or identical product. The responsibility to ensure that the products sold are similar to the test sample is of the respective seller.
5) Successful test results and the Durability Certified badge does not necessarily imply life as per the durability certified badge. Life of the product depends on the usage, handling, environment and other external factors.
6) The Durability Certified badge does not provide any additional warranty or guarantee over and above the manufacturer/seller warranty. Please refer to the warranty details for the product for more information.
7) Flipkart does not provide any warranty or guarantee on any products. Warranty of any products purchased will be the responsibility of the sellers.
8) Flipkart does not endorse any of the products or brands being offered under the Durability Certified badge and will not accept any liability pertaining to the quality, merchantability, fitness, delivery or after sales service of such products which shall be at the sole liability to sellers on the Platform.
9) Durability Certified badge is available on select products by select sellers.
More Details
Generic Name
Office & Study Chair
Country of Origin
India